************************************************************************
                              Announcing 
			     ISBA On-Line
                The Bayesian Analysis E-Print Archive
                         BAYES-AN@XXX.LANL.GOV
************************************************************************

In order to further the goals of the Bayesian community, the
International Society for Bayesian Analysis (ISBA) is announcing two
new initiatives in electronic communication: 1) a World Wide Web (WWW)
site for ISBA; 2) a Bayesian Analysis E-Print Archive. These
initiatives are coordinated by Carlos Rodriguez of the State
University of New York in Albany (Department of Mathematics and
Statistics) and by Richard Silver of the Los Alamos National
Laboratory (Theoretical Division).

The new World Wide Web (WWW) address for ISBA is:

        http://omega.albany.edu:8008/isba/

This site will contain information about ongoing activities of ISBA
including membership, officers, conferences, announcements,
registration, etc. It will also provide hyperlinks to other sites of
general interest to the Bayesian community such as the E-Print
Archive. Computer facilities are provided by the State University of
New York at Albany.

The Bayesian Analysis E-Print Archive has been put into operation as
of June 1, 1995. It uses computer facilities located at the Los Alamos
National Laboratory and software there developed by Paul Ginsparg.
These facilities have been used since 1991 to run highly successful
electronic preprint (or e-print) archives for physics and related
fields. The Bayesian Analysis E-Print Archive is the newest of 26
archives on the Los Alamos system currently serving approximately
25,000 regular subscribers and handling 45,000 electronic transactions
per day. Financial support for the archive is provided by the National
Science Foundation and the Los Alamos National Laboratory. This
e-print system has received considerable recent media attention
because of its revolutionary impact on scientific publication. See,
for example, the December '94 issue of Scientific American.

An e-print archive provides a fully automated system for the archiving
and distribution of electronic preprints.  Preprints are submitted
electronically to the system, which assigns them reference numbers. A
note of caution: a submitted manuscript can not be withdrawn; it can
only be replaced with a retraction. The system allows the original
submitter of a paper to incorporate ongoing corrections and addenda
(and adds an entry to the daily listings with an author-supplied
synopsis of any changes). A cross referencing feature is available to
establish linkages among archives in different disciplines. Most
manuscripts submitted to the e-print archive are eventually published
in conventional refereed paper journals. The e-print archive makes the
manuscripts available to archive users via a wide variety of
conventional means of network access such as e-mail, world wide web
(WWW), ftp, etc. Remote users can, for example, get help on available
commands, obtain the full texts of papers, obtain postscript files of
figures, obtain listings for given periods, and search for author
names or keywords.

All researchers who use or develop methods of Bayesian Analysis are
invited to submit electronic preprints to the Bayesian Analysis
E-Print Archive. ISBA requests that the first page of all manuscripts
contain the name and affiliation of the author, an abstract, the date
of submission, and key words provided by the author. The first page
should also categorize the manuscript according to one or more of the
following:

        Application [Specified by Authors]
        Computational Techniques
        Computer Programs
        Control Theory
        Decision Analysis
        Empirical Bayes
        Entropy/Maxent
        Estimation      
        Forecasting/Prediction
        Historical Study
        Information Theory
        Invariance
        Model Formulation
        Model Selection
	Mathematical Methods
        Non-parametrics & Semi-parametrics
        Other [Specified by Authors]
        Prior Distributions
        Robustness
        Sequential Analysis
	Signal & Image Processing
        Testing
        Theory/Foundations

For purposes of standardization users are encouraged, but not
required, to submit text in TeX or LaTeX format, with figures in
uuencoded tar-compressed Postscript files.  (If necessary, papers may
also be submitted with a note indicating that non-electronic figures
are to be obtained directly from the authors.) Standard macros are
available from xxx.lanl.gov to make submission easy and reliable.
Manuscripts can also be submitted in Postscript and Adobe PDF format.
The help package available from xxx.lanl.gov gives guidance for both
TeX and non-TeX submissions, as well as both Unix and non-Unix
computer platforms (such as PC's, Mac, VMS, etc.). Archive subscribers
are notified regularly by e-mail of new submissions. Listings,
retrievals, and searches of preprints may be performed at any time
without subscribing to the regular mailing service. Usage of the
archive is free of charge.

Help on how to use the archive may be obtained by sending an e-mail
message with the subject "help" and a blank message body to the
Internet address "bayes-an@xxx.lanl.gov", e.g.,

        To: bayes-an@xxx.lanl.gov
        Subject: help

To subscribe to the bayes-an archive, send e-mail with a blank message
body

        To: bayes-an@xxx.lanl.gov
        Subject: subscribe <your full name>

replacing <your full name> by your full name (spaces and initials
allowed) as you wish it to appear in the distribution list.  Preprint
notifications will then be sent to the e-mail address from which you
subscribed. A copy of this announcement is obtainable by sending

        To: bayes-an@xxx.lanl.gov
        Subject: get isba-announce.txt

The system also permits anonymous FTP access to papers and macros
stored in the data base at xxx.lanl.gov.

Access is also available via the World Wide Web (WWW) using browsers
such as Netscape and Mosaic, although submissions can be made only by
e-mail at present. Two WWW addresses are available for the Bayesian
Analysis e-print archive:

        http://omega.albany.edu:8008/ISBA/ForLanl.html

and

	http://xxx.lanl.gov/archive/bayes-an/

These include detailed help pages, usage statistics, frequently asked
questions, etc.

An examination of the physics e-print archives at:

        http://xxx.lanl.gov/

will provide some background to ISBA's choice of the Los Alamos
e-print system. The philosophy and experience behind the e-print
archive is presented at:

        http://xxx.lanl.gov/blurb/

Some of the information can also be obtained by sending a message via
e-mail:

        To: bayes-an@xxx.lanl.gov
        Subject: get blurb

We hope that you will take advantage of this opportunity to establish
a world-wide electronic Bayesian community.  You are invited to use
and contribute to ISBA On-Line and the Bayesian Analysis E-Print Archive!

Carlos Rodriguez                Richard N. Silver
SUNY Albany                     Los Alamos National Laboratory
cr569@csc.albany.edu            rns@loke.lanl.gov
